The stuffed chile peppers were suppose to be stuffed with cheese and pork
The mussels steamed in beer were satisfying .
The hamburger was pretty good , nothing unique about it , but it was made perfectly and the buns resembled something of a savory brioche .
the egg rolls was plain
My non-vegetarian friend ordered Pad Thai and was really disappointed .
- Coleslaw was pretty bland and tasted like plain cabbage .
This salsa was incredible .
the boring ravioli were sitting on
The meat was tender
The banana reminded me almost of the stuffed banana french toast at Masa .
I had the watermelon and heirloom tomato gazpacho which was divine .
The original yogurt was delicious , not too sweet .
The burger was tasty
Their pistachio pesto gnocchi is SO good
I enjoyed the Aloo Chole potatoes and chickpeas .
Clam bake was pretty descent except the clams were really dry .
His crab cake benedict was unbelievable - two big crabcakes with poached eggs on top. .
The fish was so tender and flavorful
the artichoke and homemade pasta appetizers were great
The paneer tikka was very bland and heavy .
The risotto and potatoes were also overcooked and mushy .
the bread was delicious and the octopus appetizer was AMAZING.
The tenderloin and mushrooms were tender and juicy .
The cookies and cream one was really good .
The fried yucca is dry
The mashed potatoes were standard
The Thai dumplings , Spicy Green Beans , Yellow Peach Chicken , Chicken Goqi , Potato threads , and homemade Tofu dishes are always amazing .
The burger was delicious .
sausage was flavorful but a bit overcooked and hard
the gumbo that followed was smoky and complex
The home fries were amazing too .
The shrimp tacos , taquitos , and guac were very good .
The fish cakes were too greasy
the chickpea fries were good
The Pho Tai was sub-par .
the broth is especially flavorful and delicious
The fried rice is the best I 've ever had : fresh veggies and little oil .
The servings are huge
The chiles rellenos were *perfect*
The chipotle and jalepeno au jus totally makes the sub
This was seriously one of the best steaks I 've ever eaten
the eggs were fluffy and flavorful
it 's no New York Fried Chicken
the fried chicken was eeeeh
The chips and salsas and guac were all really good
the volume of cayenne used is too little
The spinach falafel is addicting .
Mini Steamed Pork Buns were equally huge and delicious .
The chicken portion was not bad
the couscous Brochettes looked great
The dishes were rich , flavorful , and well balanced .
The crust was thin and crunchy
their beef dishes are generally all delicious
The chicken was n't dried out
I had a Hefe beer which was a bit too honey tasting .
The servers are all very friendly
Steamed ginger salmon was moist
the dips/hummus are amazingly delicious and unique
The sweet potato tempura roll was perfectly fried and the spicy scallop roll was wonderful -- entire scallops in the roll and then thinly sliced .
the gratin had a strange fake butter taste to it
all the varieties made my mouth water
the meat was fine
the biryani at Mela is fresh and flavorful
the broth was SO tasty
The Onion Graitnee is amazing .
The tapas are wonderful
I ordered the Pho Tai and the spring rolls , and was not impressed .
My favorites were the Fried Artichoke Hearts , Mushroom Risotto and Sizzling Garlic Shrimp .
Douzo 's miso soup is one of my favorites .
This shrimp dish tasted too good to makes sense .
nice fluffy coating and even the cornbread was awesome , nicely buttered and was made almost to perfection .
the salads sounded - you guessed it - yummy
my omelette was especially good .
The spicy/sweet sauce is fantastic !
The much-lauded corn was good
My lobster entree was delicious
But the cannoli was so good .
the Stuffed Mushroom was surprisingly good
the corn itself was not great
The fish was cooked perfectly and everything complimented it so well !
The chicken toaco was okay not bad but the enchillada waschessey and wonderful .
the portions were small
The dressing was very good .
The chicken sandwich tasted really good
3 . Raspberry Lemon Curd Tart Everything tastes fantastic
I had the Mango Chicken Curry which was delicious
The mac and cheese was terrific and almost sharp tasting .
everything was perfectly cooked/seasoned
The steak frites were excellent .
The Boy loved the crab
The sorbet was smooth and the mango flavor was lovely .
The Mac and Cheese was good too .
I tried the rainforest mate tea , and it was really good .
The menu was pretty cut and dry
the overall effect was a very dry crust
so... the crust was unbearable
The pork dishes were delicious .
The pad thai was dry and flavorless .
the filling was just toooo rich and toooo sweet
I also enjoyed their salads .
The drinks are cheap
The enchiladas were soggy
all the ingredients were fresh
the Chorizo tacos were not very good
The uni was delicious
the shoestring fries were decent at best
I ordered the spicy shrimp stir fry and it actually was really spicy !
The bread was fine .
The entrees were incredible
The salad options are seriously endless !
the frosting was delicious
The burgers are huge and juicy and delicious !
the glaze was a little overpowering
I had the Shrimp Bobo and that was delicious and cheesy .
the crab rangoon was only mediocre
this carrot cupcake was probably the best carrot cake I 've ever eaten
The hands-down winner was AJ 's strawberry basil martini .
their noodle soups are great
the tea pot is cute
And the mango margarita is one of the most delicious things I 'd ever conceived of .
My friend ordered the cobb salad , which looked good .
the beef was incredibly dry
The basil eggplant had a good flavor
I thought it tasted great ... and my scallop salad was absolutely delicious
The lamb shank was good
The raw bar is always excellent with different oyster selections .
the sauce is so good it 's not even funny
The cocktail menu was highly innovative and delicious
The orange juice was fresh-squeezed and perfect
The Potato Gnocci was rich , too rich and just awful .
The fruit is all ridiculously fresh
the dish was ok
the chicken satay and pad thai are amazing
the salads are pretty tasty too
the roasted garlic puree it sat on was delicious
Drinks are good
The mashed potatoes and fried onions that they serve here are close to perfect .
The pork sausage was A-mazing
The ice cream is to die for .
My homemade gnocchi was really good
The caramel and the light sorbet created a refreshing feeling .
Crumbled cheese on top was dry and too salty .
they 're waffles and pancakes are great
the stuffed eggplant satisfying
The tapas are excellent -- great selection !
the tripe is not too chewy
The regular fries were delicious
The beef is really flavorful and tender .
bean sauce=This classic flavor of Cantonese cuisine
the gumbo is better ! ) and sides are very tasty-mashed potatoes and creamed spinach
my friend told me the gazpacho was the best he 'd ever eaten
The place is decorated with peppers and warning tapes
Chocolate drizzled pecan pie !
The spicy dishes are spicy and the non spicy dishes are n't !
the olives were good
I got chicken piccata and was pretty happy
They make the most delicious burgers with such great toppings .
The shell was n't crispy anymore but they were still good .
Trout with Rock Shrimp and Garlic Spinach was pretty good
The burger was boring
The mac and cheese was delicious .
The chowder was very thick but not too amazing .
The tuna was seared nicely
The soup was creamy and tasted just like spring should taste , and the sandwich was quite possibly the most perfect grilled cheese sandwich in existence .
The odds and ends are all also delicious .
the vodka was n't good
And the potatoes au gratin- pretty tasty )
Their catfish dish approaches perfection
the charcuterie was perfect
The pasta entrees are big portion
I got the fried chicken - yummy , yummy !
Pot roast was pretty good
The brisket chunks are incredibly tender
their size made sharing nearly impossible and the temperature made them nearly inedible
lamb tips were a bit burnt
The fries are really crispy and soooooo good
The spinach and potato gratin were equally amazing .
The Sevice has always been great and the food has always been incredible .
The highlight was the half roasted chicken .
My friend had the ceche which was fluffy , savory , and tasted fresh .
The pork chop was cooked perfectly and nicely grilled on both sides .
the English muffins were soggy
Their mac 'n cheese is pretty good too .
Ostras en Escabeche - Marinated Island Creek oysters with grains of paradise , lovage and citrus , were divine
I ordered the shredded pork sandwich ... it was nothing great .
the texture was great
the Naan bread was wonderful
Elote was prety good
The texture was great
The red lentil slider , whipped feta and falafel are outstanding .
The beer selection is good
the chicken crisp and then tender
it had a creamy garlic and rosemary flavor pan seared to perfection
The buffet was expansive with delicious dishes .
The salmon meatball is a loser .
The potataoey app with raita was sensational
the cupcake part was dense and slightly too dry
The chili is commendable too .
The monk 's frites are heavenly , too
The cocktails were mediocre at best
The Tortilla Espanola had a great flavor
The veggies were fresh
Drinks are mixed well
I ordered the Pho Tai w/ the rare steak on the side and it was delicious and hit the spot .
The steak was perfect
the drunken noodles are very spicey and full of flavor
ALL the breads are good .
The Thai food seemed pretty standard .
I ordered the salmon tartar which was great
The grilled cheese was horridly bland
The buttercream on the chocolate and vanilla cupcakes was disgusting .
Good Food ! Had a Tuna Melt made the way GOD intended it as a Tuna Salad .
the bread was amazing
Baked Goat Cheese w/Tomato &amp; Basil ... another favorite of mine
The tomato soup was not your average Campbell 's canned variety .... it was chunky and full of garden fresh tomatoes and paired perfectly with the delectable grilled cheese .
even the peking pork chops are lip smacking good
I choose fried ice cream as my favorite dessert
I thought my Reuben was good but not great
His dish was amazing .
my fish was great
there were more specialty drinks Pretty good menu
The BLT was great
the sandwiches , mussels and burgers are all awesome
Bean spread was nice .
The risotto is tasty .
The lentil soup is nice
The catfish po ' boy and pulled pork sandwich were both perfectly executed .
The goat cheese dish was my favorite
The beer selection is also decent .
the chicken and pork dishes are solid
the bread crumbs were bready-y
I ordered the Bacon &amp; Egg Fancy sandwich and oh my goodness I was not disappointed .
The sweet potato pie is awesome .
This stuff is creamier than Pinkberry , and has almost a subtle honey-like taste to it .
The samosa like sambusa were tasty
the beers were pretty reasonably priced
The pork was tasty
The fries are perfect .
Salads are a bit unimaginative .
The cheeses all tasted very fresh
the steak &amp; eggs and said it was extremely good
The George Bush Jr and the Bill Clinton are great
The banana bread was well made and tasty
The drinks were also weak .
the pastas are somewhat gooey
the shabu shabu here is pretty good .
the soaked top is super good
others enjoyed the Taza chocolate pudding very much
The collared greens are amazing as is the mac and cheese
The meat was tender and juicy
the scallop was so creamy and good
The Applewood smoked BLT is delish
the rose black tea , added milk and sugar and loved it
burger was great
other sides are very tasty
The fish was fresh
The spiked lime rickey is good too .
the wings were very sour
Love the turkey cranberry sandwich .
The beef had no flavor
the beet salad was tasty
the falafel was dry and like hockey pucks
the salsa is n't great
Their pulled pork and cuban reuben were both delicious
The salmon was dry , but had good flavor .
dry sushi was possible
the star of the plate was the grits , creamy goodness that evoked bits of fresh corn
The drinks are fresh , fun and delicious .
The cheese was succulant and the couscous has become my new favourite dish .
I had the fried , vegetarian spring rolls and they were crispy and fresh .
The food 's good but not spectacular
The crab ragoons were packed full and delicious
the portion was gigantic
the crust was tasty
the sauce of my scallops and shrimp over noodles was too salty and vinegary
they tapas there are incredibly delicious .
Food = 3 stars
The drinks are watered down .
Their cheese plate was nice
The filling at Mike 's has a more cheesy , thicker consistency .
.... the grilled corn is divine
Grits were perfect consistency .
The antipasto appetizer was awesome .
The chai tea was pretty good but overly sweet , and the apples in my friend 's crepe was overwhelming sweet ; the crepe itself tasted merely okay .
the sushi was good
The rice and beans were equally bland .
I 'd highly recommend the beer - great complex flavor
The sangria was really tasty
The mac &amp; cheese was just creamy with lots of melted cheese .
The smoked bluefish cakes and mussels were both incredible appetizers
The sushi here was excellent .
The squid is good .
I had bites of my friend 's carbonara , which was not bad .
the kang kong crunchy
Their fries are delicious and thick .
the shrimp were great
The flavors on the bacon were sweet and spicy nicely complimenting the rest of the meal .
The cream sauce and pasta are so tasty
The meat was n't too fatty
The catfish was okay it seem the acid made the dish a bit disconnected .
The beef was fat-city .
the dessert was not too heavy
the carmelized sugar crust was perfection
the tacos are eh
The Crispy Lo Mein was enormous as well
the naan was good
The entrees are sizable
The potatoes were excellent
the mussels were terrible
The muffins are small and dainty
the food really did taste amazingly fresh
The pulled pork was fine
both the lobster bisque and seafood gumbo are excellent
Beef was a little on the fatty side for my taste
The calamari is rather tasty
I ordered the rare Ahi and it was very good
The swordfish taco was tasty
The momo dumplings are incredible .
the portions were large and the iced tea tasted fresh brewed
my mom makes the absolute best Mac n Cheese EVER
Had the corn dogs which were good .
I loved the bit of lime curd filling and whipped buttercream
however the Torch roll was fantastic
the chicken also tasted so good with the rice
The oysters are tremendous .
The Lobstertail had some good old fashioned whipped cream in it , shell made of puff pastry .
The sweet potato raviolo appetizer was perfection .
The bread is chewy and squishy
the bun was toasted perfectly
the scallion pancakes were good
The scallops were good
the Hurricane Rum and pineapple juice hit the spot
the Orient Express tasted a bit like bath water
The kale is yummy .
The cocktails are also wonderful , really good choices and interesting combinations .
the guacamole was n't creamy
The steak was tasty
The ice cream was good only cause it was probably Breyers .
The dish did lack a little salt
the candied yams are great
The crust was top-notch and the sauce was nothing short of exemplary .
the red sauce was average
Very good guac , and addicting chips that were cooked and salted perfectly .
Plato mixto was tasty - the ham assortment was phenomenal
Fried artichoke appetizer , shrimp and grits appetizer , and the beet salad were all delicious .
The warm goat cheese appetizer is AMAZING !
The cocktails were pretty skimpy as well
The appetizers [a favorite is the
the portion was small
The portions are pretty big for its price , and the Brazilian Crab Cake is to die for .
the sweet potato sandwich was probably the best sandwich she 's ever eaten
the lettuce was limp
The pabellon criollo was fabulous .
Lobster/crabmeat ravioli w/ Langostino Sauce and it was all amazing !
The olive oil and sea salt were a great start .
The chocolate french toast was delicious .
The tequila selection is ridiculous and amazing
The empanadas were good , but nothing special .
Their Wonton Soup is hands-down the best I 've ever had .
The fish was good
the taste of everything though ... The rich Mac and Cheese is wonderful
Spicy tuna and crunchy roll were good
The Tiramasu is awesome
they somehow tasted like herbal creamy riceball
the potato texture was kind of mushy and chalky
The pie was warm and the gelato was intensely flavored and the creme angalise was light and not cloyingly sweet .
The steamed Shrimp &amp; Flounder = kiss* delish
the sauce is nonexistent
the hazelnut brittle very much
Their satay soup base is superb and the szechuan spicy is good too! ! Will definitely come back .
the Foie Gras was AMAZING
And the food literally made me sick
The overlying cheese makes a vegetarian dish taste meaty !
the side dishes are good
the soy sauce was super salty
The salmon was fresh
The bread was fresh on the Pulled Pork sandwich
The frosting was not overly sweet
The portabella bolognese was very good
The onion rings are awful
The pork bellies with preserved veggies was excellent
the plates were too damn big
they used to make my favorite Pad Thai
The sashimi and sushi lunch special was probably the best and most reasonably priced sushi and sashimi platter I 've seen on both the West and East coast .
Their mashed potatoes are amazing .
The kulfi was pretty standard
The Crema sandwich is my favorite sammich here
Home fries were good
they 're deep fried which is clearly why they 're so good
The green tea shake was SO good !
grilled calamari w arugula... the crab ravioli was awesome
I ordered the Beef and Tendon Pho w/ Summer Rolls and it was amazing .
The mac n' cheese was OK
The game hen was good and the portion was very generous
The tapas are all really good
the chicken parmigana always pleases
Steak frites are great
The red velvet cupcake was delicious .
the salad was light and refreshing
The Blackened Chicken Tenders were meh
the side sweet potato hash was amazing
The pork + leek dumplings were filling , salty , flavorful , and had the perfect ratio of meat and vegetable to dough .
their lobster ravioli was good
They 've also got a surprisingly decent selection of beers
Eggplant pizza lacked flavoring . .
The dish was comped .
her salad looked good
The beer list was very short
They had good chips and salsa .
The beef was good
The toppings were piled on generously
the mussels were small
The duck was great , however
the burger tasted great
The grilled chicken was tender and well seasoned
The pesto is delicious
The chips are rarely stale
The clam chowder was full of clams
fries+cheese are my new favorite thing
the bacon-wrapped dates were phenomenal
I loved the carrot/ginger puree
The vegetarian broth is pretty good
then my steak was overcooked
the garlic chives are slightly tender but not crunchy like raw celery
The ingredients were all fresh
More conventional pizzas are amazing
The grano in the scallops dish was delicious .
The hush puppies appetizer was good as well .
The beet salad was so-so for my girlfriend .
The fried zuccinhi was good
The sausage was good .
The squid appetizer was eh
The cream cheese frosting was good
The items all looked amazing
The green beans were buttery and well cooked .
the toppings are always fresh and plentiful
The eggplant dishes are both amazing .
Olives Tres Quesos Tuna Tartare Gambas al Ajillo Short Ribs Hangar Steak Kobe sliders Patatas Bravas Maiz Asado All in all , the best thing we ate were the olives and the cheese
One was a coconut chocolate chip , which was perfect
There lentil soup and salads are probably the best I 've ever had .
the sausage pizza is not a bit greasy
the hollandaise was too mustardy
The meat is tender and juicy .
the texture was completely inconsistent
The noodle dish was spectacular .
And the banana pudding was mediocre .
the garlic hummus was really good
the herb infusion was a bit overpowering
The mains are average
You 've had better Mexican food
the drinks were awesome
Grilled Scrod with String Beans and Brown Rice My husband also ordered grilled scrod that came undercooked and string beans was bland .
The fried Tofu was very enjoyable .
the eggs were overcooked
the spicy tuna was delicious
the wings were very sour
And the steak ... so good .
amuse bouche to the unbelievable food - my tender
The empanadas are great
I highly recommend the scallops in saffron cream
The pho has less meat , more noodles
the fillings were really flavorful and the portions are large and inexpensive
the shrimp &amp; grits were very rich and tasty
the pasta is al dente perfection
The grilled corn on the cob is addictive .
the guacamole was uninspired
the spring rolls were fried
The portion sizes were generous
The seafood and meats were well prepared and fresh .
Chicken enchiladas are yummy !
my Reuben was a little dry
The soup was fabulous .
the slaw was sweet and flavorful
Their hummus is divine .
The plantains were good but seemed a little bland
Figs has some very interesting and delicious toppings
The chips are always toasty and warm .
Our appetizers included some pretty knock-out miso soup and delicious shumai .
The bread was bland and cheap .
it was delicious : fresh chewy bagel , cream cheese , capers , red onion , tomato and some delicious smoked salmon
The crispy leg was good
The tamales were yummy and my husband loved his chile relleno .
the sharp parmesian with honey and crustini were also good
I enjoyed the flavor of the beef
The fried Yucca was pretty good and had a good crispy texture and nice sauce to accompany it
dishes are particularly excellent
their sandwiches are both unique and delicious
The portobello mushroom pizza had a nice garlic and olive oil flavor .
The french toast was a little different and really delicious .
The bread was really good and different .
They 've got a wide selection , including Boston cream pie , fruit and chocolate tartes , cupcakes and cookies .
The beer selection was good
The char Kway teow is strictly mediocre .
My choice is always the stuffed eggplant -- it is amazing !
Even the chips were amazing .
The chips and salsa were tasty
The sangria was SO good
The lasagna consisted of plantains cover with cheese
Cobb Salad is also good
ANd their chocolate chip cookie ? ? Pretty good , it 's softish ...
Someone ordered the gazpacho which was nothing more than watered down salsa .
my garlic strong
the yogurt delicious and cheapo
The salmon sashimi was the best I 've ever had
The chips are dece .
accompanied the fish/crab dish was dry
the skin was pan fried crispy
) The steamed Shrimp &amp; Flounder = kiss* delish
the medium salsa was pretty hot
the catfish was yummy
the bolognaise sauce was good
the platters are generously portioned
cake very generous and tasty icing
The banana split was unlike any I 've ever seen
The quesadilla appetizer is exceptionally good and exceptionally small in portion .
The clam chowder was watery and burnt
the Vietnamese spring rolls (yum )
The Chowder was good
the egg seemed fake
honestly the clam chowder was good everywhere in Boston
And the rose lemonade was exactly that ... rose flavored lemonade !
Also the pasta was surprisingly good .
The banana reminded me almost of the stuffed banana french toast at Masa .
the granola con leche is pretty good
the tartar tasted homemade and creamy
I really enjoyed the tomato salad - the cheese , tomato and basil oil were paired perfectly .
The bread on both sandwiches were all toasty
The Oreo Cookie Frappe is insanely delicious .
the fondue was delicious
Both dishes were excellent and highly recommended .
The portions are huge !
The salad was lovely and light
And the cake .... good flavor but a bit dry .
Tofu was fried perfectly .
The creamy slaw was just that - creamy and delicious .
My friend 's potato and spinach dish had some Indian influences
the chicken was clearly very fresh
the Tom Yum is good , as are most of the noodle dishes ( Pad Thai , Pad Woon Sen, Pad See Eew )
The Rachel- sooo good
The bottom of the crust had burnt cornstarch bits on the edges
The milk pudding was preferable over the baklava .
The ham was GREAT !
The small plates affordable
The mushroom risotto was kind of watery
The potato pancakes were also very good with the smoked salmon .
The red velvet cake was amazing !
My braised eggplant was delicious
Berry Line has the best plain yogurt .
The oysters are great
The masa was a little soggy
The xlb at Gourmet Dumpling House were good
It was good , ok ? ! ) They do have a gluten-free menu ! ! Brendan got the Braised Pork Shoulder entree
The duck confit is faboo .
The brisket I ordered was incredible .
The fries and gravy were amazing !
The rolls were huge
Delicious meat , delicious veggies and delicious broth .
The mac and cheese is tasty
better enchiladas .. tortillas are good : ) were all full .. over all good
) fried red snapper and super delicious shrimp &amp; mussels
the mousse was almost too rich
The Seared Tuna really is n't tuna tartare
Tonight 's pasta was gnocchi .
The beef broth was tasteless and dull
The shrimp were cooked perfectly , tender and sweet .
The spoonbread it came with was tasty .
my girls Mac and cheese was awesome ... Lots of cheese , pancetta and peas
The menu of sandwiches sounded amazing
the sauce was perfectly spicey
The spices accompanied the cauliflower quite well .
The sliced sirloin with artichokes were garlicky and good
Malaysian something but it was good
the black cookie part tasted burnt
All the vermicelli dishes are phenomenal
pieces of fish kept on falling off/out
The pita was beyond dry and tasted like cardboard .
Nice citrusy bouquet and most fruity burst of flavor !
The pizzas are delicious , with soft mozzarella , fresh sauces , and a toasty crispy-bottomed crust .
The roast duck is pretty tasty
The sauce tasted more like lemon than whiskey
the lasagna was really good
The ingredients are fresh
the Salmon that I ordered was delicious
the gravy was a little salty
the honey wine - pass
the crab cake was amazingly good
The lobster miso is TASTEY !
The tuna special over cheese grits was excellent .
The house salad is amazing
the tripe was tripey and stomachy
I tried one of Sara 's spicy tuna , it was excellent .
meat and pork dumplings were okay
The seared salmon and pulled lamb shank stew were very good
The drink prices are SOOO reasonable
The pizzas here are fresh
The wine was reasonably priced
Pork chops taste goooooood .
the fish has always been fresh and tasty
The panko-crusted cod I had for my entree was tender and well-made .
The tamale stil tastes so yummy !
The rice tasted like the New Balance outlet store !
The Sultan 's Delight was incredible
The bread was sooo crunchy
The scallion pancake was enormous
I got the lobster ravioli and the clam chowder and it was so great .
the pizza was made with fresh ingredients with great flavor
the salads and soups are always gourmet quality
The gumbo was ok , nothing special .
The chips and salsa are sublime
Ordered the spicy tuna and california roll -- they were amazing !
the tomato bisque and chicken chili are especially good )
The soups lack the consistency and standards of Metro cafe
The tomato soup was not your average Campbell 's canned variety .... it was chunky and full of garden fresh tomatoes and paired perfectly with the delectable grilled cheese .
my spring rolls were good
singapore slings were great
The small plates were very good
dates are to-die-for
the lobster was exceptional
Santarpio 's has delicious sauce , thinner crust , flavorful cheeses , and perfect toppings .
my boyfriend 's tomato soup with grilled cheese was n't unusual
the chile dusting added a unique flavor
The tomato bisque soup was perfection on a standard .
Soup was okay .
The beer and wine selection overall is pretty extensive
The chocolate crema was amazing
the chicken was juicy and flavorful
The big winner of all the appetizers was the Foie Gras and Doughnuts that my brother ordered .
Their little pizzas are tremendous .
The gnocchi themselves were delish !
But the waiters are always on top of drinks and fresh salsa and hot chips .
they almost did n't taste like mashed potatoes
This moussaka was made perfectly
Their sandwich list is large and inventive
The menu is pretty extensive .
the tajadas made to perfection
the seaweed salad was the best I had ever tasted
The sauce is thick/hearty and has a very robust flavor .
the haddock was tasty
The mushroom risotto is excellent and quite filling .
The almond , pignoli , and plain macaroons all taste similar
The prime rib and lamp were fine
The bun was absolutely amazing
the brioche au chocolat may be my least favorite
The Ju Yim Sin Yau was really tasty
The moqueca was delicious and perfect winter food , warm , filling and hearty but not too heavy .
The apples and greens were fresh and crisp
The sandwiches are all unique and come on tasty bread .
the Hamachi made the trip worthwhile
The spicy tuna nigri was amazing
sandwich was incredibly tasty as well
The Crispy Pad Thai is bang-your-head-against-the-wall good .
The wine list is good
The Buddhist Delight was oily yet tasteless .
The braised tofu was awesome !
The burger lacked any seasoning or flavor .
The penang pad thai was was nothing extraordinary
I 've never had tofu this good
The fench fries are delicious
The raw bar sampler was amazing and fresh
The bread is perfect and always fresh
The Organic Tofu Amrita was spicy
The miso soup has tons of flavor
roasted nuts are the perfect bar food
the burgers are tasty
The eggs were fluffy
And the chips and salsas are top tier .
our meals were bland and lacking
the Crab Eggs Benedict was fantastic
The meat was dry and the sesame sauce sweet and one-dimensional .
The pizza was good
) The fries were a bit wimpy
The spicey tuna was very good as was the shrimp and avocado roll and the shrimp tempura roll .
the oysters are tasteless
The yogurt is pretty good
the potato-stuffed bread is excellent
The clams and water cress were AMAZING. the dumplings didnt have chive tastes tho still very good
The raspberry seltzer is so delicious
My smoke salmon was delicious !
Good crusty kemmelweck roll
The bolognese was a 7/10 in my bolognese rating .... but certainly delicious .
rose petals ... YUMMY! ! Creme Brulee - Huge dish of this dessert. .
The sushi is the best I 've ever had .
The pineapple martini was also fantastic
basically it was chicken , seafood &amp; pork - crazy good ..... WORTH the trip
The Crispy Pad Thai , Crispy Duck and newly added Mango Fish were the hits with our table .
The bai cai was crisp and garlicky
The macaroni and cheese was dry with NO flavor
The frosting is tooooo sweet .
the miso soup wasnt bad
The last straw was finding a toothpick under my crispy fried noodles .
the sausages and lamb are incredible
the fish tacos were nicely battered and fried with tasty sauces on top
It was the most tender delicious chicken I 've had in many moons .
granola bar was really good
the chicken was so moist
The pork and beef plates are pleasantly tangy
From the Sticky Buns to the amazing Roast Beef Sandwich , we are hooked .
the sauce was not very flavorful
The octopus ceviche was almost sickeningly sweet
their signature crema chicken sandwich is delicious
The thai iced tea is yummy .
like the Tempura , they tossed in the weirdest vegetables ever
the cinnamon was overpowering
the service was good during lunch and out pizza and chicken sald was good
The tomato is adequate .
The lamb sausage special with cherries was my favorite
Lynz 's chocolate cake was OUTERWORLDLY
The avocado and papaya and cheese were cool , the tofu was warm and crispy , and the flavor , OH MY GOD .
I love almonds and chicken so bring it ! ! Seafood Masala
pitcher sangria was pretty good
My drink literally tasted like liquefied watermelon - not overbearingly-jolly-rancher-faux watermelon .
the crust was a little too floury
Fries were crispy and golden .
All the flavors were genuine and subtle and the veggie dishes were unexpectedly flavorful and rich .
The lobster ravioli is amazing
the pasta was overcooked
I ordered a Grilled cheese with Bacon &amp; Caramelized onions and a Chai Tea Latte -- The drink was made quickly and my sandwich was warm , delicious , crisp and buttery .
I had fresh spring rolls for an appetizer which was good .
The fries were forgettable
the local grilled bluefish was fantastic
My friend ordered the Eggs benedict which was also pretty good .
My Mac and Cheese was SO GOOD !
Their mini plates of food were pure goodness .
The fries were good !
the ensanada fish taco is exceptional
the english burger is delicious , as is the spinach &amp; artichoke dip .
being the mussel shooters and those amazing fried risotto balls
The short rib was pretty tasty .
the steak tips are addictive
But the croque monsieur 's not bad .
The white bean gratin looked and tasted reminiscent of mac and cheese
The Brazilian crab cakes and fried Yuca with some kind of yummy sauce -- both awesome .
The fried food , the vegetables , the meats , everything is great .
Nice grilled bread and ricotta appetizer started the meal off .
The sticky sticky bun was also tasty
the mixed greens are perfect
Sticky bun was good
the lobster bisque and my husband got the steamers which he loved
I both enjoyed the very tender and flavorful Turkey Portobello Meatloaf
the Mac &amp; Cheese damn it
The mac and cheese was n't the best thing I 've ever tasted , but pretty good for 14 bucks .
The organic green and seaweed salads are awesome
The pizza was extremely dry and tasteless unfortunately .
the greens were too bitter and vinegary
The paella portion looked small .
The bread basket is friggen awesome too .
The beef was chewy , tender and had a good flavor
The Sangria I ordered was pretty good
Ive tasted the belgian waffles , and they are great too .
The chocolate bread pudding was too sweet and super soggy .
Most of my sushi was good to very good
They were generous with the shrimp and fish chunks .
the dish my gf ordered was amazing
They serve comfort food with a twist - like the amazing fontina stuff tater tots - delicious ! ! ! And the burgers are nothing short of awesome .
