POS	The potataoey app with raita was sensational
NEG	The size of my starter was miniature
NEG	My pork shoulder was extremely fatty
NEG	the drunken noodles were passable
NEG	The humus was without flavor
NEG	The Buddhist Delight was oily yet tasteless .
NEG	We ordered chicken korma and it tasted like NOT chicken in gravy .
NEG	The sauce was way too salty
POS	it was superb
NEG	our meals were bland and lacking
NEG	The fried basil tasted like greasy fried something , but nothing substantive .
NEG	the food game out , my Chicken Tikka Masala and Chicken Biryani were mild at best
POS	The trofie app was good portion and tasted great .
POS	The breads are pretty decent
NEG	The pizza was extremely dry and tasteless unfortunately .
POS	the Mai Tai was good
NEG	my friend noted as okay
POS	the chickpea fries were good
NEG	Tonight 's pizza was sauceless
NEG	it was tasteless/watered down
POS	The fish should be incredibly fresh
NEG	the rice was mushy
NEG	the texture was completely inconsistent
POS	tuna is decent
POS	The mussels were n't terrible
NEG	the flavor of the sauce was bland
NEG	Stewed Beef Massaman and the Seafood Kamikaze entrees were good as well , but not great
NEG	it was not remarkable either
POS	the main entree was amazing
POS	Fried potatoes were creamy inside and good Tomato and corn salad , tomatos were nothing special for mid august
NEG	the salads are pre-made
NEG	the chicken pakora just tasted like fried chicken strips
NEG	the spicy tuna was DRY
POS	the roasted garlic puree it sat on was delicious
POS	The portions were normal
NEG	It was not spicy
NEG	The duck was a little dry .
NEG	the chicken was disgusting
POS	the naan was good
NEG	the food has really gone downhill
POS	The Empanadas Verde used to be IMHO the best salad in Boston with impeccably balanced flavor and fresh greens .
POS	Super crisp and crunchy , great dipping sauces , perfect perfect perfect .
POS	I enjoyed the Aloo Chole potatoes and chickpeas .
NEG	The kebab was good but it was very dry .
NEG	The pad thai was dry and flavorless .
NEG	The portions are large but the food tastes really uninspired .
POS	The sauce was finger licking good .
NEG	their lovely mac&amp;cheese was watered down .... all three times ! !... maybe their getting healthier ? ?
NEG	The clam chowder was watery and burnt
POS	It was crispy and fresh and hot
NEG	The rice was overcooked
NEG	The madras chicken curry was okie
POS	Spicy tuna and crunchy roll were good
POS	the chicken potato curry puffs
POS	The appetizer combo was pretty good
POS	The tuna was fresh
NEG	The desserts were not good .
NEG	The bread was fine .
POS	having green tea ice cream instead of vanilla
POS	Steamed ginger salmon was moist
NEG	The miso soup base was ok
POS	The cream cheese and salmon rolls are wonderful
POS	Even the rice was flavorful .
POS	The flavors are well balanced
POS	It was so savory !
POS	it was really smoky and tasty
POS	The Moroccan Sandwich was good .
POS	The sorbet was smooth and the mango flavor was lovely .
NEG	The fried yucca is dry
NEG	The broth was spicier and heavier , and the fish itself was unremarkable .
POS	The sandwich was totally delicious
POS	Desserts were generous , rich , and flavorful .
NEG	the pakoras used in the dish were uninspiring
POS	the fare hearty
POS	The mussels had a wonderful saffron sauce
POS	The chickpea fries were so good .
POS	The pork was so succulent .
POS	The eggplant vegetarian dish and the spicy garbanzo bean vegetarian dish was delicious .
POS	The romaine lettuce was evenly coated .
POS	The Dabo was good
POS	The fries were delectable ... crispy and perfectly salted .
POS	The datiles balanced sweet , salty , smoky , soft , crunchy and crispy perfectly .
POS	The trio of pastas was wonderful as well
POS	The meat was n't too fatty
POS	the tomyum was good
POS	The sauce with my molai kofta was perfect
POS	I really enjoyed the tomato salad - the cheese , tomato and basil oil were paired perfectly .
POS	The prices are so modest too
POS	the biryani at Mela is fresh and flavorful
POS	I 've never had tofu this good
POS	The arepas sandwiches are excellent
POS	it was the strongest pina colada I had ever drank
POS	The Spinach Roti went perfectly with our meal
POS	The burger was solid .
POS	it was freaking delicious
POS	The soup is creamy and rich
POS	The spices accompanied the cauliflower quite well .
POS	The sangria was yummy
POS	The sauces that come with are all pretty good too .
POS	Creamy artichoke risotto with asiago cheese and tomato confit is sublime .
NEG	the chicken was overdone
POS	all of the vegetarian entrees tasted
POS	it was d-i-v-i-n-e
POS	I ordered the pasta dish and it was sooo good !
NEG	the greens are often overcooked
POS	The dipping sauces for the calamari and the naan were both yummy .
NEG	The vegetable risotto changes .
POS	My table ordered the Chili Cheese Fries for about $ 6
POS	The gumbo is spicy
POS	they somehow tasted like herbal creamy riceball
POS	The bread on the table was great too !
POS	The fries were good
POS	The aloo naan was perhaps the best I 've ever had
POS	The beer selection is excellent including Brooklyn Brown ale .
POS	The pork trio was RIDIC
POS	The spicy dishes are spicy and the non spicy dishes are n't !
POS	the dipping sauce accompanying it is flavorful
POS	Get the dragon roll with brown rice .
POS	I thought they were great and not too salty .
POS	The fried chicken , fried fish , and BBQ ribs are all phenomenal .
POS	The arancini stuffed with prosciutto and fontina - delicious
POS	My lentil soup was extremely flavorful and thick
NEG	The mashed potatoes were standard
POS	my Tuscan tomato bread soup was n't bad
POS	The French toast was amazing .
POS	the juicy beef awesome perfectly
POS	The steak salad looked tasty .
POS	The Boston cream pie had a good balance of custard cream and chocolate .
POS	The banana pudding was DELICIOUS
POS	yes the portions are huge
POS	It was the most tender delicious chicken I 've had in many moons .
POS	My appetizer I ordered these Buffalo Chicken Taquitos which were unique and delicious .
POS	The grilled chicken was tender and well seasoned
NEG	The tapioca pearls are strangely oversweetened .
POS	Delicious food and atmosphere Tuna tartar appetizer and roasted heirloom tomato soup was great
POS	Lots of flavor , decent sized portion .
POS	Flan was amazing
POS	it was quite juicy
POS	The yogurt sauce was good
NEG	Eggplant pizza lacked flavoring . .
POS	the Pho pretty good and decent overall
NEG	the pasta was tough
NEG	My torched sushi tasted rather bland
POS	I had fresh spring rolls for an appetizer which was good .
POS	the cocktails are all really unique and delicious
POS	The cucumber martini and the special martini with Absolut Boston and Sake are amazing .
POS	the greens were my favorite
POS	The portion is good
POS	The eggs were fluffy and not overcooked .
NEG	the ice cream had too much vanilla bean flavor
NEG	The omelet was only okay
POS	The burger was very yummy
POS	The meats were seasoned and cooked perfectly
POS	The crust is AWESOME - thin and crispy
POS	The menu is vegetarian and there are several options including an Egg and Eggplant sandwich , Soy BLT , BBQ Seitan and my absolute fave- the Chickpea Fritter .
POS	Best scallion pancake I 've ever had since dining in Boston , San Francisco , and LA . Multi-layered , thin layers , and crispy .
POS	The dressing was very good .
POS	The sandwich was made and pressed well
POS	The butternut squash raviolis with asparagus is my all time favorite !
POS	The bread can stand up on its own .
POS	The quality of the teas is good
NEG	the pastry was too thick
NEG	The salsa was mediocre at best
NEG	the chips are kind of greasy
POS	The margaritas were good and so were the chips and salsa .
POS	They 're crispier and the ricotta was delish !
POS	The salmon was excellent
POS	the lingering flavor was so yummy
POS	The entrees are sizable
POS	it was phenomenal
NEG	it was just too mushy
POS	all the meats are good
NEG	the oil was n't fresh
POS	The cheeses were good .
POS	The Prosciutto Eggs Benedict were fanTAStic !
NEG	The " pan-seared " tuna was overcooked
POS	Warm , salty tortilla chips and fresh salsa are never ending !
NEG	The lettuce was wilted
NEG	it did my grilled cheese sandwich was a little gross
POS	The chocolate mousse and chocolate covered ones are also REALLY good .
NEG	it was almost inedible
POS	The fry of the day was a fish taco which was delectable .
POS	Vegetable sides were very good .
POS	Their Molten Chocolate Cake is the real deal .
NEG	My potato 's were lacking cheese
POS	The meat is good quality , freshly sliced , tasty and moist .
POS	The burger was tasty
NEG	BBQ . Pulled pork is dry
NEG	the bolognaise sauce was watered down Prego
NEG	the chicken was a tad dry
POS	Homemade fusilli was awesome too .
POS	to create a rich and sinfully delectable broth
POS	The bread was soft
POS	The burgers were very good
POS	Their catfish dish approaches perfection
POS	The menu has plenty of options and everything tasted so fresh !
POS	It tasted fresh and flavorful with lots clams .
POS	they 've got the good pour technique down solid
POS	was surprisingly delicious
POS	The heaviness and creaminess was indeed comforting
NEG	the frosting was unpleasant
POS	-The pork schnitzel was juicy and delicious .
POS	The fried cheese with honey and chutney is pure decadence and the octopus , while probably bought frozen , was flavored well .
POS	The muenster cheese is perfect
NEG	The meal was very expensive and incredibly bland .
POS	Some of the best mac &amp; cheese I 've ever tasted .
NEG	The filling was mediocre
POS	I recommend the tuna burgers - juicy and delicious .
NEG	the chicken tikka masala was horrible
POS	they are very flavorful
POS	The sushi is the best I 've ever had .
NEG	itself was just plain dry
NEG	the salsa was kind of , bland
POS	Their soft shell crab is really quite good .
POS	the lobster is so succulent
POS	The daily soups are awesome
NEG	i felt were very boring
POS	The sweet creme oozed on my tongue and I loved licking it off the spoon seductiively .
NEG	the chicken pakora just tasted like fried chicken strips
POS	The prices are soooo reasonable
POS	I had a seafood pasta dish which tasted so fresh .
POS	The fruit was super fresh
NEG	The meat was was dry as Jack Link 's beef jerky !
POS	Everything tasted amazingly fresh
POS	the tea selection is extensive
POS	Try the chili verde , it 's amazing .
POS	got the pan roasted chicken which she said was very good
POS	the tomatoes tasted local and fresh
NEG	The squid appetizer was eh
POS	it was a pretty good sandwich
NEG	The veggies are properly undercooked
POS	the topping selection is good
POS	it was completely satiable
POS	The Khao Nar Ped was pretty good
POS	juice ! ! ! Thirst quenching and mouth drooling
POS	The crabcake app was awesome
NEG	more spice is needed
POS	the house wine was pretty good
POS	The fries were great .
NEG	Mike 's was disgusting
POS	the prosciutto is so good
NEG	the brie was sparse
POS	The ha gow was delicious and quite large .
POS	Cobb Salad is also good
POS	The hummous appetizer is excellent and comes with pita , pita chips and roasted vegetables .
POS	The frosting was appropriately chocolatey and texture was smooth not grainy .
POS	the texture was soft
NEG	I thought it was not meaty enough and was bony
POS	it was fabulous
NEG	the shortcake was a bit hard
NEG	The texture was too smooth
POS	The sesame bun thingies with the red bean paste were my favorite .
POS	the end result was exciting
POS	the roasted garlic puree it sat on was delicious
POS	potatoes were also superb
POS	The flavors were amazing
POS	Fried artichoke appetizer , shrimp and grits appetizer , and the beet salad were all delicious .
POS	The Coannoli was pretty good .
POS	Muffins are pretty good .
POS	The bread they put on the table was exceptional
POS	he especially loved the red pepper that was stuffed with risotto
POS	Oh the chicken was so tender and delicious
POS	The cannoli was amazing .
POS	the blackberry martinis were rich and tasty
NEG	Ehh ... I 've had better cheap bar food
NEG	there was hardly any chicken
POS	Other dishes were pretty good , including a sharp scallop ceviche and seared tuna .
POS	The pizza there is some of the best thin crust I 've ever had .
POS	the portions are descent
POS	The Dolmathes , which are stuffed grape leaves , were plump and lemony .
POS	Obviously the homefries are the best ever
POS	The rice was tasty .
POS	The Cambodian dishes are flavorful
POS	the texture of the cupcakes complemented the flavor combinations and met all our expectations
POS	the wrapper has a great homemade texture
POS	The fresh squeezed OJ was really good
POS	were truly delicious
POS	The figs were sweet
POS	The fries are amazing and the portions are generous .
POS	Very authentic good adventurous food .
POS	And the drinks , my favorite is the Cherry Blossom .
POS	the wine selection is extensive
POS	The original yogurt was delicious , not too sweet .
POS	My sushi and sashimi was moderately tasty
POS	The food always smells good . .
POS	it tasted fresh and indeed chewy
POS	I really enjoyed their crust and what 's better than pizza
POS	The shell was nice and crispy
POS	it was easily the best hash I 've ever had
NEG	The only flavor was " salty " .
POS	the pizza is so cheap. .
NEG	I had a Hefe beer which was a bit too honey tasting .
POS	The coffee is good
POS	The stir fry is great
POS	it was incredibly good
POS	the scallop ceviche special and tuna tartare ... the scallops were amazing
POS	The chicken pho is also good
POS	The toppings are very fresh
POS	The escargot was absolutely fantastic .
POS	the sauce was delicate and slightly acidic to complement the chicken
NEG	The trappings are rather mundane
NEG	they are all unremarkable
POS	The avacado spread was tasty and I enjoyed the crunch of the green beens .
POS	The kale was cooked perfectly and soaked up the delicious red currant sauce .
POS	The scallops were fantastic and may have been the best I 've ever had ! Mashed potatoes came with my filet and were a little bland
POS	the cucumbers crisp
POS	I loved the puree and the mushrooms !
POS	The rotis are stretchy deliciousness
POS	The chicken was tasty and not overly breaded .
NEG	-The baguette crust was not crisp enough
POS	The thick crust style pizzas are amazing
POS	The mashed potatoes was the only dish I can say was really tasty .
POS	The bread was nice and soft
POS	the fries are always thin and crisp.
POS	The risotto is tasty .
POS	The flavors are always well balanced
POS	the pizza was spectacular
POS	The pizza is very good , calzones are excellent .
POS	the pancake could hold its own ! )
NEG	the mushrooms were bleh
POS	The bread tasted good
NEG	My friend 's chicken was so dry it was inedible .
POS	The burger was a perfect medium rare (yay ! )
POS	The broth is yummy
POS	my favorites were the pork and scallops
POS	Sweet potato fries are delish
POS	The shellfish were fresh and good .
POS	The drinks are a definite hit - strong and flavorful .
POS	Their banana stuffed french toast is rich and delicious .
POS	their sandwiches are incredible .
NEG	The rainbow roll was very basic and skimpy on the hamachi .
POS	The breakfast meals are good .
NEG	The sweet potato fries are not that good
POS	I ate my lobster first , which was perfect
POS	The pizzas are good .
POS	the sandwiches and salads are awesome too
POS	The bread pudding was good
NEG	i tried the large chicken noodle pho which was fine but could 've used more noodles
POS	The chicken was juicy and tender .
POS	The crust is just perfect : chewy and thin
POS	They 're doughy , greasy and inexplicably delicious .
POS	the crust was UNBELIEVEABLE
POS	My entree was the Sea Bass with Fried Pita .
POS	Their famous fling salad is also delicious .
NEG	My cheese omelet was so-so and greasy .
POS	the wrap was fresh
POS	And mmm the frozen yogurt .
POS	The fries and aioli are outstanding
POS	My blueberry pancakes had fresh delicious blueberries and the bacon was very good .
POS	the sandwiches are simple and yummy
POS	it 's just a great combination
POS	The burgers smelled really good .
POS	I both enjoyed the very tender and flavorful Turkey Portobello Meatloaf
POS	The drinks and dessert were quite good though !
NEG	The cole slaw seems to suffer similar inconsistencies
POS	The bread is homemade and delicious
NEG	The hubby 's meatloaf was pretty dry and terrible
POS	The duck was decent
POS	My favorites are the lobster roll and the fried clam plate ... always cooked to perfection and truly tasty .
POS	Salads are pretty big , and chicken is grilled well .
POS	taking my boyfriend 's steak and risotto that had the most amazing mushroom sauce
NEG	it was not unique
POS	the tiramisu was amazing
POS	The soy , scallion , BBQ , garlic &amp; pepper sauce was delicious on everything .
NEG	The pasta and broccoli heads lacked seasoning and were in a tasteless butter pool .
POS	The pickle ( spicy chutney ) was amazing .
POS	her salad looked good
POS	overall , the toppings were creative and obviously of good quality
POS	The buns on the other hand are great .
POS	The two scoop dish was plentiful
POS	I 've ordered both sweet and savory menu items , and all are delicious .
POS	The Sesame Chicken is also good .
POS	The fresh spring rolls and the crispy spring rolls are both good .
NEG	I agree the cake is a bit dry .
POS	The curry sauce was bold and savory .
POS	The drinks ( mine a Lotus Flower -- delicious ! ) were creative and yummy .
POS	Tom yum soup was tasty .
POS	the chocolate icing is delicious
POS	my favorite is the pulled pork
POS	The wrap was really good
POS	it was still surprisingly crispy and pretty good tasting , and not that greasy
NEG	the texture was very artificial
POS	The fish I got was fresh and flaky .
POS	They are one of the best things I ever tasted and it 's interactive .
NEG	The beef was dry and tough
POS	The pizza is very tasty .
POS	the combination was great as well
NEG	The beer list is disappointing .
POS	created the cucumber martini is a genius
POS	the falafel was addictively crispy
POS	the meat was moist and wonderfully flavorful
POS	they enjoyed it tremendously
POS	The food : sushi is good
POS	The lemon drop was scary good .
POS	The naan is good and the rice is perfect .
POS	There was homemade tomato soup that looked good and Jess got the mac and cheese and it looked quite tasty .
POS	it tasted like candy
POS	The nachos are excellent .
POS	the fig bread was chewy and tasty
NEG	The soup was incredibly bland
POS	The iced tea is pretty darn good here
POS	the meat was tender and soft
NEG	the tortillas are store-bought
NEG	The frosting was not overly sweet
POS	The hummus platter was decent
POS	The pork is always perfect
NEG	so disappointed that my mouth tasted like lychee perfume might taste
POS	the drunken noodles are very spicey and full of flavor
POS	the english burger is delicious , as is the spinach &amp; artichoke dip .
POS	The thin crust pizza was quite tasty !
POS	Their truffled pecorino risotto with preserved lemons , toasted pine nuts and asparagus was fantastic .
POS	The color was amazing .
POS	the stuffed eggplant satisfying
NEG	the pasta pillows were too al dente for me and not very flavorful
POS	I ordered the pineapple shrimp and it was amazing .
POS	The lavender in the chocolate lavender ice cream was n't overpowering and complemented the chocolate flavor .
POS	their red curry is good
POS	The chocolate was so rich and creamy .
POS	It 's so rich and decadent .
POS	The chowder was thick with clams .
POS	Yesterday 's visit brought with it some tremendous iced tea as well as one delicious peanut butter muffincake covered in chocolate ganache .
POS	The burritos and superburritos are my favorites
POS	The cheese platters are also pretty tasty .
POS	it was a decent burrito
POS	Kaddo and it was delicious
NEG	the chicken was disgusting
NEG	The garlic Naan was okay , the garlic tasted a bit burned/bitter .
POS	The meat was pretty good , not great , but good and the veggies i enjoyed .
POS	My friend 's butternut squash soup was also good .
POS	Yes ! Sticky Buns are Delish !
POS	The Cannoli 's are pretty good
NEG	the mashed potatoes were so watered down
POS	They are like perfectly seasoned fried mashed potatoes .
POS	The Natiang appetizer and the Grouper were both very good .
POS	Red flannel hash &amp; eggs were good
POS	The dragon maki was the best .
NEG	options are uninspired
NEG	The salad was bland
POS	The coffee is very good
POS	Medium rare tasted amazing .
POS	The chicken tikka masala was delicious
POS	The margaritas were good
POS	The scone was very good
POS	the filet mignon was pretty amazing
POS	The Middle East Downstairs is also pretty good .
POS	The buttercream inside was decadent .
POS	Basil was fresh and delicious .
POS	L.A. The hot chocolate is really rich
POS	The portion is big
POS	The eggplant in spicy garlic sauce is super yummy
POS	my friends greatly enjoyed their dishes as well
POS	The banana pudding was very good .
POS	the growing menu of unbelievably good breakfast/lunch/dinner sandwiches available
NEG	the tomatillo soup i had was absolutely disgusting
NEG	the vegetables were n't nearly as fresh
POS	Hey , it tasted good !
POS	The soups are delicious
NEG	The lobster was a little overcooked
POS	collard greens are phenomenal
POS	The much-lauded corn was good
POS	the bagel was great
POS	the soup was familiar and comfortable
POS	they were absolutely incredible
POS	Portions were large and very tasty .
POS	The fry :condiment ratio is excellent
POS	the crab cake was amazingly good
POS	the Tuna Tartare is just that damn good
POS	their shrimp dumpling noodle soup is completely delightful .
NEG	The bread was hard and dry
POS	Even the bok choy with garlic was great
POS	The avocado was my favorite , surprisingly
POS	The toppings were piled on generously
POS	the portions are very generous
POS	The combination of the roasted pork , glazed ham , pickles , and Monterey Jack Cheese was perfect .
POS	The duck was great , however
POS	The rice was also soft
POS	it was just as good as i remembered .
POS	All the dishes were tasty
POS	Their sandwiches are good .
POS	My bf had chicken and chorizo etouffee and loved it and my dad had crawfish etouffee and said it was pretty good .
NEG	I ate RAW chicken .
POS	their salads are wonderful
POS	I had the plantain and tofu moqueca and as always it was delectable .
POS	The pizza was very good .
POS	The sauce on the pizza was good
POS	it was nice and moist
POS	the soaked top is super good
POS	it was delicious : fresh chewy bagel , cream cheese , capers , red onion , tomato and some delicious smoked salmon
POS	The sticky bun was good
POS	The whimsical garnish of a caramelized peach provided sweetness to complement the rich meat .
NEG	it was extremely dry
POS	The meat was cooked to a perfect medium-rare
POS	outsides are crispy but melts immediately .
NEG	the cake was a bit dry
POS	the avocado pieces were perfectly buttery
POS	They all sounded so delicious .
POS	The fried bananas at Pepper Sky 's are exquisite .
POS	They were both very tender and delicious .
POS	invigorating ginger lemonade
POS	The Hummus was very tasty and the sliders were good as well .
POS	The beer selection was good
POS	the food tastes better with the fried option
POS	The pastry selection is amazing !
POS	The fruit always looks fresh and juicy
POS	The Arancini were tasty
POS	The fish however , broiled to perfection was just awesome .
POS	I 've never had tofu this good
POS	The only standout is the fried pickle appetizer .
POS	the sandwiches are excellent
POS	the french fries are also yummy
NEG	The breading has not much texture .
NEG	The roganjosh was bad too
POS	the strawberry shortcake she got looked positively deelish
POS	The tom yum soup was perfectly sour
POS	The tandoori chicken manages to be moist and delightfully herby .
POS	The fries were so crispy goood .
NEG	The new menu is very limited
POS	The bartender was well-versed in gluten-free options
POS	The curries are particularly nice
POS	it basically tastes like general tso 's chicken and is delicious
POS	Everything was ultra fresh
POS	the veggies are fresh
POS	It 's soooooo gooooooood .
POS	the muffins are delicious
POS	The best dish on the menu is the Malai Kofta - delicious !
POS	it was fun to make my own lettuce rolls
POS	The naan was hot and fresh
POS	The beef was good
POS	The lattes are good .
NEG	Some meat was too dry
POS	the eggs Benedict was good too
NEG	the salsa 's bland
POS	Cornwall 's fries are way thicker and yummier
